-[praying indistinctly]
-[mystical music playing]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
-…please help us.
-Mom. are you all right?
[telephone ringing]
[exhales] No.
but the remedy will be here soon.
[telephone continues ringing]
Yes. birds.
That's right.
I'll get many birds.
How can you possibly think about that
when he knocked your teeth out?
-No more moping around.
-[groans]
We've been holed up in here too long.
Do you smell that? Flowers?
Violet.
[Blanca groans]
[telephone continues ringing]
Old bastard.
[Alba] In the house. nobody ever mentioned
what my grandpa had done.
And that secret was kept.
like many others. in the life diaries.
Mom.
Are you feeling better?
I'm better. Yes. better.
[Alba] After those first weeks.
my grandma concluded that
her patience for misfortune had run out.
We have arrived.
Clara. We are here to help. honey.
-Finally.
-Thank you
Children. Come here.
Meet the Mora sisters. my friends.
This is Luisa. Nora and Marta.
[Blanca] Your astral sisters?
Indeed. And you…
my precious girl.
you'll stop thinking
that you deserve what happened to you.
Stop it.
Yeah?
[telephone ringing]
Come in. I'll show you.
They are both lovely.
-[Clara] Mm.
-[Marta] Yes.
[mystical music playing]
[Nora] Here it is.
Here it was.
And here it will be.
This place was waiting for us.
-Yes.
-It was.
-Thank you for coming.
-Oh.
[all exclaiming softly]
Now…
it's done.
[mystical music continues]
Can you sense the energy?
No.
You will soon.
[Blanca] Mmm.
Excuse me.
I have to go study.
You're going to get admitted
to medical school.
Don't worry about it.
[Jaime chuckles softly]
Thank you for the news.
but I better not get cocky about it.
[Luisa shushes] There's…
there's a…
an overwhelming love.
A restless creek.
Don't worry. child.
Listen. this cycle needs to be brought
to an end so another can begin.
It's gonna be a girl
but only if you decide to have the child.
[intense music playing]
-Mommy?
-You're pregnant. honey.
-No!
-Calm down.
We're here to support you.
-It can't be true.
-It is.
No!
-[Clara] It is.
-Hey.
Excuse me.
Blanca!
No. Leave her.
You cannot help. Blanca.
Not like this.
You need to heal first. my dear. Yes?
From here. deep inside you. Be born anew.
[telephone continues ringing]
[theme music playing]
[operator] I'm sorry. sir.
I've tried many times to connect.
but they're not answering.
Please try again.
I'm truly sorry. but we are not allowed
to keep the line busy for that long.
Try again later.
[birds chirping]
[operatic music playing]
[woman] Don Esteban.
-The people you asked to see are here.
-I'm coming.
Pedro Tercero García made off
with a large amount of money.
Out of respect
for his father and grandfather.
I haven't filed charges.
But if he doesn't show up.
he'll become a fugitive from justice.
and no one wants him locked up. right?
So I offer a reward to the person
who brings me information
or brings the guy in.
-Tell everyone
-Yes. patron.
I know where Pedro is hiding.
[dark music playing]
I mean it. patron.
Everyone knows where he's hiding. but you.
You'll take me to his hideout.
and if I find out you've been lying.
I'm going to give you a beating.
If I'm right. will you pay up?
[Blanca gasps softly]
[sobs]
Pedro needs to know everything.
[intense music playing]
[Esteban] Is he in there?
[boy] Yes.
[fire crackling]
[gun cocking]
[tense music playing]
[both grunting]
[choking]
[Tercero screams]
Where's my money. patron?
Rats must never get rewarded.
[exhales]
[chuckles softly]
[sighs]
Mm.
-[knock at door]
-[man] Ma'am.
Please wait.
[Clara] What do you see?
[man] There's a bulge on the roof?
Yes. exactly.
A dome that's transparent enough
for light to pass through.
Do you have blueprints for that?
They aren't needed.
I'll explain as you go.
Let's break through this wall.
And if it ends up being bigger.
it's because it was meant to be.
Sure. if you say so.
-Help me.
-Of course.
Thank you.
I don't know how many
new rooms we'll have.
but the rule is that the more the merrier.
The stairs should be over here.
I don't understand. I'm sorry.
It's not difficult.
Allow me.
[thudding continues]
[grunts]
[pants]
Don't worry. it'll be fine.
I'll leave you to it.
Excuse me.
[Alba] Guided by her intuition
and her spirit friends.
my grandmother led the transformation
of the big house on the corner.
and everyone there joined in to help her.
I brought you more fabric.
Very well. Thank you.
-[debris crashing]
-[all gasp]
[man] I'm sorry. Are you all right?
-Oh. Yes.
-[all laughing]
[Alba] She decided
that her house would be
a gathering place and a home
for everyone willing to join
in her exploration of the afterlife
and to help souls in need
in the world of the living.
I apologize for the mess.
but we will have to make do
until the workers upstairs finish.
Hello.
-Thank you for coming.
-Thank you.
Ceci?
Yes. dear.
-Anything for me?
-No. nothing. Blanquita.
[birds chirping]
Don Esteban.
the mailman has arrived.
I have the latest mail
that arrived for Pedro Tercero.
Thank you.
Pay my friend
and give him a good meal.
Yes. sir.
Come here.
[Alba] My grandfather
had never felt so alone.
Not even during his years
in the mines out in the desert.
but he had found a way to hear
about his family's affairs.
and thus he learned
he was going to be a grandfather.
[bells chiming]
Is Marga's spirit among us?
I repeat. is Marga's spirit among us?
Why don't you answer?
[indistinct whispering]
I see a sunflower.
Could it be that your daughter
has a sunflower?
She was born at my parents' house.
They had sunflowers.
[Clara] Your daughter
doesn't feel pain anymore.
She says. "Don't be sad.
She's happy in that place.
She wants you to free her
and keep living life.
[woman sobbing]
[Clara] She says that you should
talk to the hummingbird.
That means it's her.
It is her. the hummingbird.
that visits our house.
It's her way to remind you
that she's always with you.
-[somber instrumental music playing]
-[continues sobbing]
[workers chattering]
Are you here to visit Donna Clara?
You're clueless. I'm her husband.
This is my house.
You're Don Esteban. I'm sorry. sir.
I'm new to the house.
Donna Clara is remodeling everything.
Just as I imagined you to be.
[Luisa] I imagined you taller.
-And younger. too.
-[Luisa] Mm.
Good morning.
Clara. I need to talk to you.
Clara.
-Speak to me.
-[Marta] Mm.
[Luisa] Clara will never utter
a word to you again.
-Leave me alone with my wife.
-[Marta] Won't be possible.
Who are you? I don't know any of you.
Nora. Marta and Luisa Mora.
And we go by the Mora sisters.
Clara. let's hash this out.
I don't meddle in your affairs.
but we need to talk about Blanca.
She says she already knows
everything about Blanca.
And the best thing you could do
is go back to the estate. Esteban.
You knew about it?
Turns out I'm the last idiot to find out.
Luisa. this man needs to know
that the only decision about Blanca
that I will respect is what Blanca makes!
-She says--
-I am not deaf!
And her future in the gossip?
What will they say?
[breathing heavily]
There.
Blanca.
Any sudden food urges?
-No. I don't--
-[Esteban] Blanca.
Follow me. Blanca.
[Esteban] Blanca!
I won't let you lay a hand on her again.
Very nice.
I like seeing you stand up for Blanca.
Well. good job.
[grunts]
[intense music playing]
I want the best for you.
And the best for the child on the way.
Jean de Satigny
will give it his last name.
My child has a last name already.
I'm not asking you. Blanca.
You're going to marry the count and move
up north so no one gossips about you.
Blanca. listen.
no one can make you do anything.
We don't want bastards
in the family. damn it!
But I thought we had a bunch of those.
Come with me. Blanca. Let's go.
Please.
I suggest you forget
about that peasant.
I killed him.
I put down that mangy communist dog.
Come with me. Blanca. Let's go.
Stay away.
[Blanca] Please leave.
Blanca? Blanquita. open up.
I wanna be alone!
Blanca. I understand your pain.
but getting married
won't make you feel better.
Blanca. come.
No!
It's already settled.
I'm going to marry the count.
I don't want to see my father ever again.
Blanca. don't ruin your life. please.
I just want you to know one thing.
I will always be here
for whatever you need. no matter what.
[sobs]
[Alba] My grandma had no choice
but to accept her daughter's decision
because she knew her very well
and also knew that
she wouldn't be able to change her mind.
[man] Congratulations. Count.
-Thank you very much.
-[man] I'm happy for you.
Bianca? Mm.
You have to taste this.
Hey. I'm your husband now.
Yes. sure. Yes. yes.
Can we take a photo. please?
[man 2] Let's do it. Yes.
It's just that it would be better
if the bride was smiling
instead of crying.
Please look over here and now smile.
-There you go. Very good.
-I appreciate it. Thank you.
Esteban. shall we take a photo?
-No. no. no. Blanca!
-[Esteban] Leave her.
Leave her. Jean. She'll get over it.
[intense music playing]
[Alba] The marriage that Blanca
didn't want was an important event.
Many noticed the bride
was in constant tears
and they assumed it was
the passion of the moment.
unaware that she had been crying
since her father confessed
to the murder of the love of her life.
-[vibrato intensifying]
-[breathing heavily]
And yet.
the ceremony managed to avoid any scandal.
just like my grandfather had planned.
[slow instrumental music playing]
[sighs]
Ooh!
[car door closes]
Beautiful. right?
[Alba] Only the arid heat of the desert
was able to dry my mother's tears.
[mystical music playing]
Bonjour à tous.
Well. is everything in order here?
Everything's in perfect condition. senor.
-Everything's ready.
-Very good.
I'd like you to meet and say hello
to my wife. Blanca de Satigny.
They are Gaspar. Baltazar and Leonor.
Let's go. go get our bags from the car.
and then prepare a welcome
cocktail for this heat.
-Mm-hmm. Yes. signor.
-Come on. quick.
Do you like the house?
I decorated it myself.
A sensitive artist can't help but be moved
by pre-Columbian culture.
Uh! Uh-uh-uh-uh!
[clicks tongue]
Don't touch that.
Ah! Be careful with the sword.
because it's easy to bump into it.
[chuckles]
So what do you think. Blanca?
May I be shown to my bedroom now. Jean?
Sure. In a second.
Just one thing.
-Ah.
-Ah! Ah!
S'il vous plaît.
[in English] What color is the door?
It's red.
Very good.
And what do you relate to the color red?
-Blood.
-[scoffs]
You're always so dramatic. woman.
Red means stop.
In that room. I built my studio.
Please don't enter there.
because the light
could expose the photos and ruin them.
Perfect.
That means beyond the doors of this house.
we're a married couple.
Behind closed doors.
don't touch me or come into my room.
Wow.
D'accord.
Excuse me.
I brought all your favorites.
That's the perk of knowing each other
so well after so many years of marriage.
You know.
despite some differences. we've had
a good marriage. and that's undeniable.
Here.
[sighs]
At Las Tres Marías.
I'm not needed as much as I am here.
that's why I'm appointing an administrator
to take care of my estate.
I'd like to use my abilities
for a higher purpose.
I know I can be helpful to my country.
[intense music playing]
I will be announcing
my candidacy for senator.
I hope you'll be proud
of what I'll accomplish.
[Alba] It was inevitable that my grandma
would think about Rosa's murder
and her father's decree
to keep the family away from politics.
[door opens]
[indistinct conversations]
[Jean] This was not my intention.
[laughter]
All right! I lied.
[laughter continues]
[scoffs]
Why are you awake at this hour?
I heard noises.
It's an ancient house.
There are mice. you know. Come on.
Go get some rest.
Go to your room. please.
[water splashing softly]
What are you doing there?
Do you need anything?
One minute.
Take it to the post office.
It's for my mom.
My pleasure.
[captivating instrumental music playing]
[Blanca] Dear Mom. why haven't I received
any letters from you?
I've already sent you four letters.
Are you angry at me?
[reading] "This desert can be quite
beautiful and cool at the same time.
Sometimes I think that I'm going crazy.
Everything is strange in this house.
starting with Jean."
[Blanca] I feel very lonely.
As days go by. my fears continue to grow.
I don't think I'm going
to be a good mother.
I need you so much.
With love. your daughter.
[Clara] My dear Blanca.
You can't imagine
how much I miss you. sweetie.
Why haven't you written to me?
The renovation of the house is going well.
but it's not the same without you.
The Mora sisters and I have been searching
for Pedro among the dead.
but we haven't been able to reach him.
Trust yourself. sweetie.
I know you will give your daughter
everything she needs.
I love you.
Please write to me.
[Alba] After months
without a word from Blanca.
Clara tried to reach her by other means.
but telepathy didn't work either.
and she started to regret
that she didn't try harder
to prevent the wedding
that kept her from her daughter.
Don't worry.
It's all right.
Your daughter is stronger
than she realizes.
[somber instrumental music playing]
[sniffles]
[breathing heavily]
One more. Blanca?
Oh. spectacular.
Enough!
-[camera shutter clicks]
-Please stop.
[clicks]
[Alba] As time slipped away.
Bianca felt that the loneliness
of the desert
was starting to drive her crazy.
and she looked for a way
to keep herself busy.
[captivating instrumental music playing]
Lost in thought and isolated
from news of the world and her family.
Blanca wasn't aware
of the changes that were taking place.
-[baby crying]
-[indistinct chatter]
[Alba] Like my grandmother's joy
for achieving women's suffrage.
[woman] Yes.
[Alba] Or my grandfather's pride
at being elected as senator.
Thank you.
[Alba] My mother knew nothing of it.
abandoned as she was to her in her exile.
[intense music playing]
[grunts]
[pants]
[window slams shut]
[people laughing and chattering]
[Jean] Welcome to my humble house.
[lively music playing]
Oh. come on.
[woman] Yes. cheers. right.
[laughter and chatter continues]
[roars]
Put it on. Blanca! Put it on. Blanca!
Go on! Go on. Blanca!
No!
[Jean] She's a woman of the world.
If you know what I mean.
She's a woman of the world.
Blanca. You must be thrilled.
I mean. it's amazing that your husband
is the count and your father is a senator.
That's amazing.
My father's a senator?
He's a killer. though.
I beg your pardon.
Aren't you the daughter
of the new senator. Esteban Trueba?
[laughing]
What'd you say?
He paid to be a senator?
Blanca! Please don't be tacky.
-We owe your father a lot.
-[man] Wait.
Now that Trueba is a senator.
he will bring better champagne.
[Jean] Yes. for sure.
Why don't we raise a glass to the senator?
Voila! Sante!
[all laughing]
[Jean] Thanks to the senator.
we're here.
[breathing heavily]
[speaking French] Blanca!
[grunts]
-[in English] I fucking hate this dress!
-It cost an arm and a leg! Blanca!
It's natural silk!
Don't be a killjoy. Jean.
The girl is rich
and she does what she likes!
[all laughing]
-[roaring in frustration]
-[all exclaiming]
[Jean] Blanca!
Hey. Blanca!
Blanca!
[Blanca gasps]
Very well. Blanca.
I give up.
[roaring]
[mystical music playing]
Come here!
I'm right here.
[sobbing]
[enchanting instrumental music playing]
[wind blowing]
[girl echoing] Mom! Mom!
Mom! Mom!
[slow instrumental music playing]
[doors slam]
[man laughing] No!
[people laughing and chattering]
[lively instrumental music playing]
Where were you. huh?
I came to say goodbye.
I told you not to come in.
This is not what you imagined. huh?
This is… this is…
This is art! It's art. pure and simple.
[people laughing]
[Jean] Where are we going. baby?
Blanca. what are you doing?
What are you doing? Blanca. no. wait!
That's. that's too valuable.
Blanca. it's art.
I just told you.
What are you doing?
No! That's. that's too beautiful!
I'll take them so I don't forget.
No. no. no. No. no! No. no. no. no!
No. no. no!
Don't you dare come after me.
[sighing in exhaustion]
[groans]
[train wheels clacking]
[groaning]
[Alba] I was on the verge of being born
in a narrow gauge train
at 3:00 p.m. in the middle of the desert.
but according to my grandma. that would
have been terrible for my birth chart.
[knocking at door]
And I'm the senator having to open
the front door like a miserable maid.
[knocking at door]
[panting]
[groaning]
[breath trembling]
[Alba] And it was as if all the tears
my mother held inside
poured out of her body
to assist in my birth.
Help me. Mom!
[somber instrumental music playing]
[slow instrumental music playing]
Press play. Subtitles appear.
200+ languages. One app:  tryray.app